[Music] [Applause] [Music]
other than English [Laughter]
[Applause] [Music]
breaking with you oh yeah welcome back to Lady Babylon as you may
have noticed tonight I'm dressed for my date my date with a hidna now we're gonna
bring Paul along for the sake of entertainment but for those of you with
weak stomachs you gotta watch out Paul's one of those types we're gonna find him we're gonna bring
him here and we're gonna make that junkie answer for himself tonight on
lady Babylon Wednesday night bible study
[Music] thank you
foreign I am indeed and that's for a good reason
you always want to dress to impress right um we are going on our journey tonight
starting with some comments I want to just flash up a couple of comments here just so that we've got some feedback
from you I want you to know maintaining these connections let's bring up our first one Chewie this is fantastic
people think this is from Stella Luna I'm just gonna call her Stella Luna people think any group of like-minded
individuals getting together is a cult nowadays I've noticed some crazy
comments on YouTube and have even seen some crop up in the lives I've been watching all the previous
streams and pretty much caught up at this point I'd also like to re-watch because there is so much material and a
lot of it is over my head like when people comment about almond getting political and telling him to
stay in his Lane that really pisses me off everything is political especially
now the Christo fascists are in hyperdrive and you'd have to be
totally asleep at the wheel not to see it wow Chris is the fascists
Christoph fascist love that Stella Luna what beautiful light you've shown in
tonight this that's gorgeous what a gorgeous comment for every one of those I just
I love it it just fills me with hope yeah it fills me with hope love it thank
you so much thank you so much let's get it can we get a negative comment no we
didn't have any negatives who he says necessity is the mother so invention creation is predetermined
so are we not the children of chaos indeed we're the sons and daughters and
hermaphroditic offspring of the work question mark are we are we look at that
look at what thought is blazing this is fantastic you people are fantastic I
love these I love these let's go to one more what's that song at the beginning yes
and tonight we'll introduce for your listening pleasure
Zane Campbell Zane Campbell this is the man who would save country music you're
talking about royalty you're talking about country royalty
in the Kingdom of the musicians yeah fantastic and he was been generous
enough of you guys as you guys have noticed to let us use him for our intros and our outros and for any sort of video
that we might make and I'll have you know Zayn is a monster he is a monster and
right now Zane Campbell for your sakes for your sakes
Zane Campbell I'm told
is considering writing a song for us a song just for us just for this channel
and that song I'm told will have something to do with Jesus and a naked
boy Jesus is a naked boy this is gorgeous this is gorgeous so where can you get in
touch with Zane um Chewie is listed a couple of places and uh
hang on one second I want to tell you the
spot description Spotify band camp yeah okay fantastic go to those
go to those and look up Zane Campbell love him love him absolutely love him
um thank you Zane for the use of the music to set the Ambiance we love that
people like especially drinking whiskey he seem to have hit it seem to have hit
a nerve there my buddy from the underworld this guy's a monster [Laughter]
love him okay let us go let us go uh right away let's get on that train we're
about to head out and we set the time machine we're going we're we've got to
make a couple of stops but we're going for that deep dive right into the heart
of that ancient mystery and we're gonna have to start with
killing with killing other people we have to go
to a sacrifice in order for this mystery to proceed
turns out we've got it for you let's take a look at the sacrifice clip can we
do that [Music]
thank you [Music]
thank you foreign
[Music]
continues the wave continues we are provided with a holy sacrifice thanks to
the evangelicals thanks to those charismatics
who reached out to create and mold the society that was not their
own but reached out in that Society planted a hatred a seed of hatred so
great that it is finally this week shown itself for the monster that it is
welcome to the Apocalypse yeah welcome
more death more sacrifices it's what gives us the
power to continue the Mania you guys asked to up the Mania in the pool
and I told you I take those serious [Music] it's getting hot it's getting hot and
you're gonna have to you're gonna have to be able to discern
you know what's coming scientifically you know these charges are being handed
down in a very specific time so we have to pursue them with the
utmost diligence we have to call in the right Witnesses and tonight we've got
Paul so I welcome my guest Echidna I welcome
her and I have to I have to give her the place here because tonight we're gonna
we're gonna really be dining with her we're gonna be dining with her and
Paul yes yes I know I know it's Latin
just ignore them Paul take a seat take a seat pull I want you to tell me what you
know Paul I want you to tell me what you know about the right
I want you to tell me what you've been on and where you've been Paul
okay we know what's going on Paul
I just want you to get it off your get it off your chest
right there has to be some good cop after all trying to set a good
impression tonight can we go to some Greek I want to bring
us I want to bring us our first Greek tonight this comes right out of a right
out of a tragedy right I have a tragedy and that tragedy is centered around take
it down that tragedy is centered around [Music]
her she is such a fury she's the one who makes it so the DK can
exist in the cosmos DK is justice DK is Justice imagine that
guardian of Justice guardian of Justice that's who we're with okay wow this is Primal stuff this
is stuff that the Olympians look back on knowing their foundations lie back there
yeah this is fantastic let's bring her let's bring her up
um speaking in a place that would establish the courts where DK herself would be Queen
it says once a man's blood has run into
the sand there is no Resurrection
oh what is that Resurrection where are we
oh my God we're hundreds of years too early we went too far back we landed right in
the lap of the stage where the bock revelry is coming down to find a landing
pad those Devil's wings that you're on right they bring you to this place
to this tragedy and here we have the Great
and terrible echidna in all her Fury
bringing us the establishment of Justice through the cup
oh this is gorgeous this is eluses
oh this is that place can we go on what does it say about her
I just want to before we sit down you know I want her to know exactly who she is and and um what she's here for that
last term anastasis um some of you will jump
and maybe get a little feeling somewhere on your body a little tickle and you will say oh my goodness he's
talking about the resurrection he is
he is he's talking about the mystery fantastic Paul get over here where's the
tiny little right did you hear that right there come
here come here you druggie did you guys know Saint Paul was a
druggie did you know he was one of the biggest druggies in the whole book
yes he's he's out there John gave him a run for his money John
gave him a run for his money right that's not his middle finger is it was that his middle finger oh wow okay I
told him take it easy right take it easy what this is the guy Paul let's just do
it people let's just do it look good cops gone Paul
um show me your arm yeah where did you get those two puncture wounds ah was a
you say it was some kind of Viper the picture and yeah like yeah really
no problem she had no problems you got no problems with that huh you just walked it off you just shook it off
literally wow okay fantastic Paul fantastic that does it now tell us Paul
what you been shooting up what you've been shooting up because you've been saying some of the craziest
stuff going we've got here look well here it is Paul oh can you see can you
see it's all recorded in this book we got your letters we got your letters bring up that letter
okay State's evidence bring it up yep next
there we go Paul um you're recorded as writing this chaos under whose power
um you project this mystery um you you Proclaim that it's under the
authority of that Resurrection from the dead is that
correct is that the is that the right that we're talking about Paul
Resurrection from the dead yeah you know this shut up all right yeah
yeah let's keep going we got more Paul we got more a couple of things you said here I just want you to yeah go ahead
just keep going straight down yep yep there we go um you were also
reportedly um telling people that this Gnostic
thing right um was has been brought you know out of
the invisible breakdown out of the invisible Cosmos into the visible
world is that right is that right Paul is that right you got something coming
down the pike Force so what is associated with the O fights right here
you're seeing right associations vocabulary he's using vocabulary the O
fights are using you know what those o fights are doing those serpents
guess what they're doing with it with that hot purple yeah with that hot purple there
writing Vapors that take them to places that you can't
go you can't go tell us Paul tell us tell us about riding those Vapors you
junkie bring it up bring it up let's get him let's get him we got another source we've got another source up here next
one oh my goodness yeah yeah okay hey yarn buddy you know you said this
right you're going to be talking about those Visions those visions and those
apocalypses those things that are reviewed that are brought renewed back
into your vision and those things are coming from curios aren't they yeah they
are well tell us Paul do you know anybody Paul now I'm going to quote him to you
directly I Know a Man I Know a Man in Christ
14 years now whether this dude and body I don't know
or out of body I don't know does this only God knows
really and tell us uh what do you go through
when you're under the juice what do you go through bring it bring it back up this dude gets grabbed and pulled off to
what the third uranos now those of you gonna step back those of you who have
been mesmerized by the maseratic tradition
and the King James yes King James
King King look what you did look what you did to these people
look what you did they're gonna try to inject something here that's not from the original
this is Uranus we're talking about Paul is being kicked up to uranos
Uranus now notice here at this point in the at this point in the interrogation
that we're about to play Paul gets nervous almost as if he's a little bit you know
how they are when they come off it yeah when they come off it they're all like forgetful you know what I mean
their eyes roll they do that thing where they're looking up these bakkens right
we know who they are let's keep going bring back that same giant testimony that he's got there
Chewie last Big Greek text look at this people look at the weather and body are
mine outside of body I don't know but this guy was snatched up to the third Uranus
I know this man weather and body
yeah or out of body I don't know okay but he was snatched
into Paradise and he heard
which is not right for men to say
he heard the what you junkie he heard the what you guys saw it last time we
were here we were in the mithric riot you saw it they saw it kidney they saw it right you were in the right
and you realize the vision you've made what is invisible visible
fantastic fantastic and what is the specific experience that you've experienced
so for those of you who've been detained by the hippies
for those of you who've been sidetracked
by those who lack discipline yeah we're not docking
about love and having a good time we aren't yeah
we're talking about hearing that which
is not repeatable the good stuff
you say maths are what the purple gives us baby
oracles you want to sit here and have dinner with me tonight echidna
I'm gonna have to have an oracle I'm gonna have to have it because having you
here without fulfilling your purpose would be the greatest Crime Of History
I want you to sing yeah how is Paul
where we got one more question for this guy right
um big one how are you getting it buddy how are you getting access to the
kingdom of Satan how are you getting it who is giving you the Salvation that is
kicking you up to the third Uranus which we all know is
the place that your daddy it's your daddy your holy daddy Paul we know it's your
holy daddy who's behind it all you kicked up to that place
how are we gonna get there Paul tell us bring back the text one more time he'll tell us squeeze him love him I'd love to
squeeze him squeeze look at that last line [Music]
and she loved that word scallops score Lobster key
Angelo wait where'd he just I heard him say Satan right every Everybody hear him say
Satan yeah he was given a what a scallops
what's the score of somebody pick it up there was an Evidence back with that thing and it bring us the Greek here for
scallops no no we're not there I think it's probably near the very end scallops
just keep going people the people will don't worry this is all evidence right some of them may put things together
better and quicker you know what I mean let's do this one don't nope that's up
go up oh there we go one more oh my goodness this is terrible what a
terrible look for my scallops that thing is somewhere around here the flesh
eating we don't need the flesh eating right now we don't need the crazy looks we don't need the rolling in the eyes oh
it's you know really cool to actually watch that happen um we need the scallops oh there we are
my God nice save chewy look at this anything
I can't see anything pointed especially a pale or pull right is it a pole pale
it's a kind of steak steak anything pointed the scallops is what pierces you
it's what pierces you that's why you see that number two thorn
not just any kind of thorn not just any kind of thorn in your flesh
but what kind of thorns are they using here look at Hammer too swallow pass funny cause
for any cause let those of you with ears to here take it down let those viewers of your see hear hear it and see it
right wonderful this thorn in your flesh Paul
that we still have an Evidence what does it make you do
is what it's what it's messenger it's a messenger it's
messed Sullivan yeah you gotta do it right or you don't do it at all what'd you say it louder
messenger messenger messenger it gives him a
messenger what kind of messenger Paul Satan Satan
look bring it up one more time the Greek what's this junkie telling us no not that the other one where he says
Satan the last Greek text I'm gonna bring that one nice Angelo satana
yeah he has a thorn and it sucks
you know we're gonna do a kidnap I know that you're hungry and that you eat flesh I know that you do
I know that there is a thorn with the purple the burns
the burns and it comes out right out of Echidna comes right out of your ancestry
comes right out of the scythians the arimoy
comes right out of them doesn't it those bald shaved headed that dude people
walking around with their cannabis taking Vapor baths we're in bathe you
know what we do we sit in the smoke with canvas it's not nice that's amazing that's an
amazing group it's from these family members of yours echidna
that we bring out those most potent poisons that we're involved with in the
right the ones that give you the kick the ones that are there that Jesus is walking around saying if you follow me
all right
a boy with right if you come with me
you can take this snake venom won't bother you at all
yeah won't bother you at all why do we need the Echidna
because she is the one who assaults Uranus
with the blood of her beloved Typhon and what does Typhon do
Typhon cuts the neora from Zeus Typhon cuts the Nelda from the one who
sits on the thrawn in uranos
yeah yeah fantastic let's get another text let's
bring bring a kitten at a full view so that we can complete
ourselves yeah what does she do this echidna is
she is right and she sits there
with the Raymonds the arimoy
yes and what does she do they're also called by the way that's a tribe of scythians right
it's a tribe of syrians I should have said that and these people are what what
are these people sometimes they're called those who live on the
extreme right they're the ones who are there at the edge right right at the edge of reality
they're also called chamarians right these arimoy are the ones who were
bringing you the purple and what does it say about Echidna what is she doing she
is brought she is brought up right from the cathonian place where she dwells where
she lives where she inhabits inhabits she is a what who are you Echidna you're
a nymphae right you're a bride an a Thanatos nymphae an immortal bride
what kind of an immortal bride and when I say bride pull it down for one second
everybody know we gotta get the right images here if we don't tune in there's
no reason for a kid to be here all right we gotta get the exact right images and
the exact Right image is for her the number you're talking Juliet you're talking somebody who's just entering the
marriageable age and she is she is immortal
she is Immortal and what else does she do she never ages she never ages you can
take these Medusa media has 12 of them
12 of these scythian Medusa now imagine this this is the most romantic right
this is why I got dressed up is because I wanted to paint that picture
for you of the Medusa who is a foot
ahead excuse me a head taller than the tallest man
muscular physique appearing to be about 12 years old
excuse me what else
kind of rough skin a little bit of skin condition sensitive to the light a little
aggressive little aggressive yeah I'm very physical
very physical unafraid unafraid she puts her drugs
inner hair she puts her drugs in her hair and if that stuff touches you it'll turn you to
Stone turn you to Stone yeah
yeah love it love it let's bring up another text for her what else can you
tell us about Echidna right so her um her mother gave birth to her when she
did it was a pelor on a mechanon it was a prodigy it was a miracle a mechanon an
irresistible impenetrable unavoidable miracle
she wasn't like Mortals she wasn't like gods
she lived in a cave her power or was drawn she is the god
saying half of her is that
helicopida a nymph who is helicopter anime eyes
helicopter anime eyes yeah
um and what else is is she chewy I just want to get I know you're trying to get
those animal eyes images but get them the gang is quick tonight I don't know I
don't know why okay um here we go here she is and she is half that
fantastic or or um half of that Prodigy snake terrible
thing great and iolan you know what that means that means the sparkling you know have
you ever seen a snakes if if you look at it if you look at
hidden it from the waist down if you look at it from the waist down she has that Sheen
that those scales get when they give off that reflected light in its prism
they have that Sheen that's where her skin it's like isn't that nice but keep going
on our description let's see what else what would you like for dinner a kid now what would you like for dinner this is
she who starts the mystery I need you to I need you to understand that right she is a misting
or missed him she is the flesh eater for those of you
who didn't know you were to bocket Revel
now you do now you do yeah okay
she's the one we saw right she's the one here she is she's
approaching and now we know that we have this junkie Saint Paul AKA St Paul we
know that we have an Avenue to get to that oracular place
yeah this is fantastic we're we're closing in as you can see Jesus's
operation um well in Toto yes uh it's sophistication
is I know trans-dimensionally alarming I get that I get that
and that's why we have things like we have right now if you can bring the past and
the future into the present you know you've done it you know that Echidna will smile
yeah you know that half Viper will smile okay bring us one more I want
to I want to take us back well we've got a couple more texts I want you guys to see this yeah go ahead
let's bring up that one this is an email from a student of mine and I didn't put any identifiers for the student but I
wanted you to notice something here I want you to notice in the middle of this email is some Greek
this person is throwing Greek at me and he says with regards this is basius being mentioned in class earlier today I
did find the reference to the expression dragon in the breast my English translation of Clemens protus reads the
deity Gliding Over the breast for the token of the sebasian Mysteries to the initiated however however you like that
however I love that look this person from learning the instrument of the
great can now go and tell the people at Harvard to stick it in their ear
yes stick it in your ear people stick this in your ear look somebody says
[Music]
[Music] um the God is in the endos what kind of God is this the
godpu and the translation for this is terrible what's it literally saying here
this is the god who comes through the culpos
the compost as this Intrepid student noted below is the vagina
right that Dark Harbor do you know how the users of the burning purple are
referring to the cup from which they drink it's the Dark Harbor
yeah it's her right she is that Source you wonder what
Jesus sat there you can take a dip you wonder why Jesus sat there and was like hey
You Gotta Eat My Flesh drink my blood right and you're sitting there wondering
you're listening to your pastor for the 50th time is preaching on it
usually has something to do with the sins of the people and forgiveness and the washing and the Redemption
yes How Great Thou Art How Great Thou Art now
you can see that it's much more than that that's a that's a phony world that
will never even existed it's a figment of your modern imagination because your
glasses your glasses only work your glasses only work for the Middle Ages
yeah yeah okay okay I'm not gonna waste your time I'm not gonna waste your time I want to get to it and I want to get to
the end but I wanted you to see that God coming through the culpos
yeah yeah the Dragon
the dragon within the breast
yeah and now you wonder about Mary Magdalene everybody's everybody everybody loves to talk about Mary
Magnum and I just like to kick down the doors and take Mary back I'd like to take her back from the from the pimps
and academics you know from the anglicans and from the people who tried to purify
and clarify cleanse Mary who was walking around with
sex drugs expensive sex drugs expensive sex drugs do you know
we can drink we can drink her
contents after she
did my back yeah we got I think Mickey Mouse right in the room and turned off a
switch or something um no uh we can look at Mary and we can look at her original
um being and we can look at her cathartic work
and her magic right but what we're focusing on now
is we are supposed to go back with Jesus to that place in Uganda
where homosexuality is a capital offense it's a capital offense
yeah yeah we're beginning we're beginning for those of you who
don't think that you can see the future where this activity that we're talking
about takes us um those of you who don't realize this
is your future you are all Uganda yeah um
think again because it always happens and The Mortals are like oh my goodness I'm surprised right and everybody's
running around mass destruction that things are falling apart society's gonna say decide hey I think I'll take a
couple thousand years break yeah I think I'll take a couple thousand years break well this time we have the
tools this time we have the tools to do it the right way right they need this apocalypse the
Christians right they need it anybody who follows the iraqular Divinity Jehovah they need this
they need this event yeah why they don't realize it it's based on things that were around when
they weren't um but that's that's how we are isn't it
that's what I tell them that's what I tell the Watchers I mean I'm like dude okay I know I know they're going to be
surprised again right they're going to be surprised again but um there's nothing we can do about
it there's nothing we can do about it because we're not here for them anyway we're here for Eve right we're here for
Eve I want to leave you with the impression there is an ideal out there that we can
reach toward that you can take the Human Experience
and you can tune it you can tune it to create a sphinx
you can tune it to create she who can tell you past and future all at present
you can tune that world it's in the genes it's in the nature it's inherent
it's inherent all we have to do is follow
yeah yeah there's no Bell
for the next person who realizes the applications and
realizes just what exactly they were doing in Antiquity when they were making these you know tiny computers that
figured out movements of the stars and stuff like that right yeah where have
you been lately say the say the Watchers I'm trust me guys I'm always gonna be
I'm always gonna be running interference but we're right there we have to
bring this investigation it's got to come beautiful did you want to post something to it real quick that's okay
fantastic all right I want everybody to know that um
we appreciate the fact that
The Matrix of Justice is still vulnerable
is still vulnerable we can still look to Lady Justice and say that that's who I
want to be with yeah yeah we can still
bring her back it's the constant hope it's a constant hope and if she doesn't
come back the Christians don't get what they want anyway right so um because she has to offer the cup and
etc etc next time we're going to look at Jesus right down there with him on his level
we're going to confront him about the drugs and the confusion when he's stumbling around the garden we're going
to try to go to the toxicology we're going to get a report from the guys who arrested him what was his blood alcohol
right no problem that's the kind of evidence we're going to be presenting thank you everybody for coming and thank
you most importantly to Echidna for always being there in the
in the back of our human consciousness thank you for always being there
foreign yeah it's almost like you're just right over my shoulder you know what I mean love it hail Satan I'm
drinking whiskey [Music]
[Applause]
[Music] [Applause] [Music]